README.md, before:

# **ReadMe Generator**
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
## Description 
A simple readme generator build using node.js and several npm packages. users input requested information and the application will generate a markdown file
## Table of contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Licence](#Licence)
- [Contributors](#Contributors)
- [Test](#Test)
- [Repository Link](#Repository)
- [Submit Questions to:](#GitHub) 
## Installation
clone the repository from Github
## Usage
Once repository is cloned, open a terminal and cd into the folder where the package is installed
## Licence
GNU GPLv3
## Contributors
You are free to fork this project and make whatever improvements you would like. This is a student project that I probably will never return to
## Test
If you hit any issues while testing, please email me at the email listed in the contact section.
## Repository
- [Project Repo](https://github.com/serjykalstryke/ReadMe-Generator)
## Questions? Contact me here:
![Image of me](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/68971513?v=4)
- David Stinnett
- [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/serjykalstryke)
- <davidstinnett@icloud.com>

Commit message:

tweaked readme output to be more professional

README.md, after:

# **ReadMe Generator**
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
## Description 
This is a simple application that generates a readme file based on user inputs. It takes the name of the project, a description, and several other pieces of information and outputs a .md file based upon those inputs. It uses Node.js as well as several packages installed using npm, namely inquirer and axios.
## Table of contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Licence](#Licence)
- [Contributors](#Contributors)
- [Test](#Test)
- [Repository Link](#Repository)
- [Submit Questions to:](#GitHub) 
## Installation
clone the repository via Github and open a terminal. cd into the folder where the application is installed and run using node index command
## Usage
Once node index command is run, the application will ask for inputs via the terminal. Enter appropriate information and the application will output a file called README.md, which is a markdown file that any application capable of reading markdown will format properly. 
## Licence
GNU GPLv3
## Contributors
Feel free to fork this application and make any improvements you feel important. 
## Test
upon cloning/forking, run the application. If you hit any snags feel free to contact me via the contact information below
## Repository
- [Project Repo](https://github.com/serjykalstryke/ReadMe-Generator)
## Questions? Contact me here:
![Image of me](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/68971513?v=4)
- David Stinnett
- [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/serjykalstryke)
- <davidstinnett@icloud.com>
